Build Bilpoleen app. Description of app features and screens:
The app will contain only ui and navigation, no network request, however the app shoould contain mock services with stup data so the app will look natural and has fake content. Use native navigation bar on all screens. Make design pixel perfect, use png and svg files for it.
Screens and logic:
1) Login: has two text fields email and password, log in button which leads to main screen, forgot password and become a member buttons do not lead anythere at the moment, see Login.png/.svg
2) Main Screen: has custom float tab bar with three screens: new search, my bookings and settings see New booking with active.png/.svg, My bookings.png/.svg and Settings.png/.svg
3) New booking: the screen will have mock active booking, see New booking with active.png/.svg, button unlock and start trip will lead to Lock car.png/.svg, button Search will change state to New booking with conflict.png/.svg, button Advanced filters will lead to presented screen Filters.png/.svg. When will started searching cars there will be segmented control in navigation bar, and possibility to see available cars on the map Map.png/.svg. When we click on available car Car Details (option 3).png/.svg is opened.
4) My bookings: My bookings.png/.svg. If we click on active booking, Unlock car'.png/.svg is opened, we might chage state to Lock car.png/.svg if click on Unlock and start trip. If we click on upcoming booking Upcoming booking.png/.svg is opened
5) Settings: Setting.png/.svg. If we click language then popup Language.png/.svg is opened. Make here custom popup the way that it can be opened on half screens and closed by tapping outside on pulling it down. If we click Starting location then Starting location.png/.svg is opened, if the click add new here then Starting location new.png/.svg is opened. If we click Cost centers then Cost centers.png/.svg is opened. If we click Past bookings then Past bookings.png/.svg is opened. If we click My info then My info.png/.svg is opened. If we click Company info then Company info.png/.svg is opened. If we click Customer service then Customer service.png/.svg is opened. If the click logout then Login screen is opened.
